---
title: Urbanization & Urban microclimate
layout: post
categories:
- research
image: assets/images/2022/2022-07-24-02.png
featured: true
hidden: true
comments: false
---

<b>"Assessment of Climate Change and Urbanization Impacts on Urban Surface Temperature and Ecosystem Services of Urban Green Spaces"</b>, which in turn addressed 3 specific objectives: 

* To detect the integrated impacts of urban expansion and climate change on urban surface temperature and surface urban heat island over the past thirty years in primary SEA cities.

* To analyze cooling effects generated by urban parks as a typical category of urban green spaces.

* To assess ecosystem services delivered by public parks to urban dwellers using a non-monetary approach through stakeholders’ perception analysis.


<hr>

<b> Outputs </b>

* Nguyen, C.T., Chidthaisong, A., Kieu Diem, P., and Huo, L.-Z. (2021) A Modified Bare Soil Index to Identify Bare Land Features during Agricultural Fallow-Period in Southeast Asia Using Landsat 8. LAND. 10(3):231. [https://doi.org/10.3390/land10030231](https://doi.org/10.3390/land10030231) 

* Nguyen, C.T., Chidthaisong, A., Limsakul, A., Varnakovida, P., Ekkawatpanit, C., Diem, P.K. and Diep, N.T.H. (2022). How do disparate urbanization and climate change imprint on urban thermal variations? A comparison between two dynamic cities in Southeast Asia. Sustainable Cities and Society. 82, p.103882. [https://doi.org/10.1016/j.scs.2022.103882](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.scs.2022.103882)

* Nguyen, C.T., and Chidthaisong, A. Urban Green Space Inventory using Different Spatial Resolution Satellite Images: Practical notes in Bangkok. In The 11th International Conference on Environmental Engineering, Science and Management. 12-13 May 2022. 

* Nguyen, C. T.*, and Chidthaisong, A., & Kaewthongrach R., 2022. Assessment of cooling capacity by urban parks from a multi-data source approach. The 8th International Conference on Sustainable Urban Development. Binh Duong, Vietnam (20/10/2022). pp.33-46.



